Fix grammatical errors and add new call to action point (#50)
continuedev/amplified.dev: index.md

**Actions to take now**

- Set up a proxy server to make LLMs available to developers

> - Make multiple models available and compare their usage and accuracy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make multiple models available and compare their usage
```

You want to give LLMs as much relevant information as possible to get the best suggestions, so allowing for integrations but putting proper permissions that enable this will be important. This is both read and write access for not only human developers but also for the AI software development system.

Already today you’ll want to deploy embeddings, a “chat” model, a remote configuration server, a shared index, and more, so you need permissions and integrations that enable you to index any codebase and reference it with context providers. There is also lots of data from across the software development lifecycle that you will want to pull in more and more over time (e.g. GitLab issues, Confluence docs, etc.).

Best practices from web apps and DevOps apply here too. Permissions and integrations can get messy quick, so having a good approach here will set you up to evolve much better.

### 5. Adopt open-source interfaces

> Amplified developers need standardized interfaces (e.g. IDE extensions), so that an open ecosystem can emerge within and across organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplified developers need standardized interfaces (i.e. IDE extensions today), so that an open ecosystem can emerge within and across organizations.
```
